Access computerized financial information to answer general questions as well as those related to specific accounts.
Answer inquiries from the general public regarding judicial procedures, court appearances, trial dates, adjournments, outstanding warrants, summonses, subpoenas, witness fees, or payment of fines.
Answer inquiries regarding information, such as schedules, accommodations, procedures, or policies.
Answer questions or provide advice to the public regarding licensing policies, procedures, or regulations.
Archive documents, conduct research, and read copy, using the internet and various computer programs.
Calculate amount of claim.
Check to ensure that appropriate changes were made to resolve customers' problems.
Compare information or figures on one record against same data on other records, or with original copy, to detect errors.
Compile and record medical charts, reports, or correspondence, using typewriter or personal computer.
Compile, record, and evaluate personal and financial data to verify completeness and accuracy, and to determine eligibility status.
Complete contract forms, prepare change of address records, or issue service discontinuance orders, using computers.
Conduct searches to find needed information, using such sources as the Internet.
Contact customers or travel agents to advise them of travel conveyance changes or to confirm reservations.
Contact customers to respond to inquiries or to notify them of claim investigation results or any planned adjustments.
Correct or record omissions, errors, or inconsistencies found.
Debit, credit, and total accounts on computer spreadsheets and databases, using specialized accounting software.
Determine whether space is available on travel dates requested by customers, assigning requested spaces when available.
Draft and type office memos.
Edit graphics and photos, using pixel or bitmap editing, airbrushing, masking, or image retouching.
Import text and art elements, such as electronic clip art or electronic files from photographs that have been scanned or produced with a digital camera, using computer software.
Initiate procedures to grant, modify, deny, or terminate assistance, or refer applicants to other agencies for assistance.
Issue public notification of all official activities or meetings.
Keep records of customer interactions or transactions, recording details of inquiries, complaints, or comments, as well as actions taken.
Maintain access to, and security of, highly sensitive materials.
Maintain files, such as maintenance records, bills of lading, or cost reports.
Maintain medical records, technical library, or correspondence files.
Maintain scheduling and event calendars.
Match order forms with invoices, and record the necessary information.
Open, read, route, and distribute incoming mail or other materials and answer routine letters.
Operate computers programmed with accounting software to record, store, and analyze information.
Operate desktop publishing software and equipment to design, lay out, and produce camera-ready copy.
Operate electronic mail systems and coordinate the flow of information, internally or with other organizations.
Perform general office duties, such as taking or transcribing dictation, typing or proofreading correspondence, distributing or filing official forms, or scheduling appointments.
Perform payroll functions, such as maintaining timekeeping information and processing and submitting payroll.
Plan routes, itineraries, and accommodation details, and compute fares and fees, using schedules, rate books, and computers.
Position text and art elements from a variety of databases in a visually appealing way to design print or web pages, using knowledge of type styles and size and layout patterns.
Post or attach information to claim file.
Prepare and balance period-end reports, and reconcile issued payrolls to bank statements.
Prepare customer invoices and accept payment.
Prepare documents recording the outcomes of court proceedings.
Prepare meeting agendas or packets of related information.
Prepare sample layouts for approval, using computer software.
Prepare, proofread, or process legal documents, such as summonses, subpoenas, complaints, appeals, motions, or pretrial agreements.
Process and record new insurance policies and claims.
Process, prepare, and submit business or government forms, such as submitting applications for coverage to insurance carriers.
Provide customers with travel suggestions and information sources, such as guides, directories, brochures, or maps.
Read corrected copies or proofs to ensure that all corrections have been made.
Recommend improvements in products, packaging, shipping, service, or billing methods and procedures to prevent future problems.
Reconcile or note and report discrepancies found in records.
Record and edit the minutes of meetings and distribute to appropriate officials or staff members.
Refer unresolved customer grievances to designated departments for further investigation.
Resolve customers' service or billing complaints by performing activities such as exchanging merchandise, refunding money, or adjusting bills.
Review insurance policy terms to determine whether a particular loss is covered by insurance.
Review work done by others to check for correct spelling and grammar, ensure that company format policies are followed, and recommend revisions.
Route proofs with marked corrections to authors, editors, typists, or typesetters for correction or reprinting.
Schedule and confirm appointments for clients, customers, or supervisors.
Transcribe data to worksheets, and enter data into computer for use in preparing documents and adjusting accounts.
Transmit claims for payment or further investigation.
